To set up redux all follow the same approach as I did early on the course.
I'll add a store folder and in there I'll have my places actions J.S. file in my places reducer J.S.
file.
That's of course a bit different than before.
There I had a actions and a reduce hers sub folder.
You can absolutely do the same here.
Since I have only one action and one reducer though I'll keep this in two files.
But you could have some folders ends on.
That's totally up to you now in the places reducer all define how my state should look like for this
part of my total state and debt will be very simple.
My initial state here is just a javascript object where I wanna have a place as key which is empty and
empty array at the beginning because I'll have an array of places and that's it.
So therefore here I can export this reducer function which takes a state that is set to the initial
state.
If no other state is passed in and an action and in there for now I'll just returned at State soon of
course will add logic to handle different actions and for example add a new place in the places actions
file I'll export a new constant add place which is one action identifier I'll need and I'll add action
create or function add place which should take some data about the place and for the moment that's just
a title later that will be more.
And here I want to return my action object.
Then where to type is at place and where I then just have my place data let's say which at the moment
of course is only made up of the title but later again that will be more.
That's the basic read except now of course an app.
We need to wire everything up so in there as you learn it in this course we can import something from
redux and also something from react redux and also import redux thunk from well redux func.
So from this package we all installed now from redux.
We need to create store and combine rid users and also apply middleware to apply redux thunk and from
react reduction we need the provider component.
And with that just as we did it multiple times in the course we can create our root reducer with the
help of combined with users.
This takes an object where we merge already users together.
Now obviously we only have one reducer here and that's the places reducer which we import from the store
folder and their IDs to places reduce our file.
But of course you could have more with users in your app and I'll map this to places so the places reducer
is map to the places identifier here.
Now with that we can create our store with the create store function and this function takes the root
reducer and we can also pass in a second argument where we call apply middleware and parse redux thunk
to dead function so that the redux func package is kind of locked into our redux flow here with all
of that setup we can wrap our places navigator with the provider component because every screen in our
app in our navigator should have access to the store and to provider we pass the store through to store
prop that's the redux setup we also saw multiple times wrote this course with redux setup we can go
to the new place screen and make sure that here in the safe place handler which is triggered when we
click this button we do actually add a new place which for the moment only consists of its title but
of course that will change from this course to do that we can import use dispatch from a react redux
and simply get access to the dispatch function by executing use this patch up their and also of course
import our action for example again with using this import merging syntax here with import everything
as places actions from the store and they're the places actions file and with that we can go to safe
place handler called this patch here and dispatch places actions at plays and forward the title which
is of course stored in our title of value so in this year now with Dad we'll be able to dispatch this
action in the places reducer.
We can now switch our action type or use if checks of course and look for the at place state or action
which we import from places actions all that the default case by the where but by the way where we just
returned a state and therefore we can get rid of this return statement down there and now is at place
is what we got.
Well then we can create a new place here and for that all the just as before in this course I'll add
a model's folder with a place J as following there where I wanted to find how a place should look like
in this application simply just to have an easy way of creating new place objects that are always the
same.
So here I'll create a class and export this asked of file default and now of course is up to you how
you want your place to look like all the fine line with the help of the constructor to have an idea
and a title.
And later we'll add more.
But for now that's it.
And I'll store my I.D. here and I store my title here in a property with Dad we have a blueprint for
new places back in the places reducer.
We can now use that.
So there we can import place from the models folder and there to place J as file and then here create
a new place by calling new place.
So by initializing or by instantiating a new place based on our class and for the idea of for the moment
use a dummy I.D. of the current date timestamp and the title however is of course something we can set
because that's part of our action there in the place data will have a title property which holds the
title the user set.
So here I can set this to action place data dot title.
This creates a new place object.
And now we can return a new state here where places and I don't need to copy the old state because I
have nothing else in my state here and I won't add anything so I can just return a brand new state object
where places is now state DOT places Kong cat.
So that takes the old array adds a new item and returns a brand new Array which replaces the old the
right here in our state.
And I conquered my new place of course with that we should have a list of places which we manage in
the next lecture.
We can now worry about outputting this here on the place list screen just one other thing when we add
a new place here by clicking the safe place handler.
I also want to go back to the places list screen so here.
After dispatching this action I'll actually use props navigation to go back so to go back to the place
list screen and now let's work on that places list screen and let's make sure we do actually output
a list of places stair.